URL: https://help.skywind.com/roles-assigned-users-transactions-report-usage/
Title: Skywind Knowledge Portal
================================================================================

Home
SoDA™
Reports
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions
Role’s Assigned Users & Transactions – Report Usage
Share
Copy URL
Search
Table of Contents
SkyAps™
FAQ
Go-To-Market Strategy
SkyAPS™ Architecture
Example post for SkyAps2
Example post for SkyAps
Authorization and Security
Example post for SkyAps
SkyAPS™ and SAP® Ecosystem
Example post for SkyAps
Installation and Implementation
Example post for SkyAps
Usage of SkyAPS™ 4C™ Alerts
Example post for SkyAps
Administration
Administration – Overview
Administration - Overview
Administration - Users Management - User Details
Administration – 4C™
4C™ - Recipients
4C™ – Recipient Lists
Administration – SoDA™
SoDA™ – Recipients
SoDA™ - Data Masking
JAM™
Performance (Augmented Analytcis)
Performance - Overview
Performance – Top KPIs
Delayed Jobs
Similar Jobs///Under Construction
Top 20 Most Long Running Jobs
Suspicious Jobs
Elongated Jobs
Failed Jobs
Users KPIs
Users with ending validity/// Under construction
Updated Jobs (By User)
Informative KPIs
Deleted Jobs///Under construction
Event Driven Jobs
# of Jobs vs Job's duration
Jobs with program's variants that have expired///Under construction
Updated Jobs
Finished Job
SoDA™
SoDA™ – Overview
SoDA™ Overview
Analytics
Analytics - Overview
Analytics – Users
Analytics - Top Users with Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Top Users with Potential SOD Violations
Analytics - Users By Role
Analytics - Users By Profile
Analytics - Invalid Users
Analytics - Valid Users
Analytics - Logged on Users
Analytics – SOD
Analytics - Top Most Violated SOD Rules
Analytics - Number of Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Number of Potential SOD Violations
Analytics – Roles
Top Cross Reference Role Violations
Top Internal Role Violations
Analytics – Transactions
Top Most Visited Transactions
Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Actual Violations)
Analytics - Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Potential Violations)
Reports
Reports - General
Reports - Managing Reports
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Potential SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Internal Violations
Internal Violations - Report Usage
Internal Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Internal Violations - Report Output
Cross Reference Violations
Cross Reference Violations - Report Usage
Cross Reference Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Cross Reference Violations - Report Output
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Usage
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Output
Excessive Authorizations
Excessive Authorizations - Report Usage
Excessive Authorizations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Excessive Authorizations - Report Output
Transaction Usage
Transaction Usage - Report Usage
Transaction Usage - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Transaction Usage - Report Output
User's Assigned Transactions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Usage
User's Assigned Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Output
User's Assigned Roles & Profiles
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Usage
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Output
Where Used
Where Used
Simulations
Simulations - General
Internal Violations
Simulations - Internal Violations - Output
Simulations - Internal Violations - Parameters
Cross Reference Violations
Simulations - Cross Reference Violations - Output
Simulations -  Cross Reference Violations - Parameters
T-Codes (Deep Impact)
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Output
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Parameters
User Simulations
Simulations - User Simulations - Output
Simulations - User Roles - Parameters
SoD Rules
SoD Rules - General
SoD Rules - Managing SoD Rules
SoD Rules - Operating SoD Rules
T-Groups
T-Groups - List of Business Domains
T-Groups - Operating T-Groups
T-Groups - Managing T-Groups
Business Content
Business Content - General
Business Content - Business Domains
Business Content - T-Groups
Business Content - SoD Rules
Business Content - List of SoD Rules
Business Content - List of T-Groups
Critical Objects
Critical Roles
Critical T-Codes
Critical Objects - General
Support
SoDA™ - Support
Auxiliary Functions
Search Help
4C™
Event Driven Jobs
4C™ – Overview
4C™ - Overview
4C™ - Key Benefits
4C™ - Deployment
4C™ - Glossary
Analytics
4C™ - Analytics
Cockpit
4C™ - Cockpit - Overview
4C™ - Alert management
Catalog
4C™ - Catalog
Wizard
Wizard - Basic Settings
Wizard - Format
Wizard - Parameters
Wizard - Recipients
Wizard - Authorizations
Wizard - Scheduling
Date and Time Parameters
Alert Generator
AG - Overview
AG - 1. Basic Settings
AG - 2. Selected Fields
AG - 3. Currency Conversion
AG - 4. External Parameters
AG - 5. Key for Delta
AG - 6. Documentation
AG - Validation and Generation
AG - Glossary
Feed
4C™ – Feed
Support
4C™ - Support
Need more support?
If you did not found an answer,
						contact us for further help.
SUBMIT A TICKET
Role’s Assigned Users & Transactions – Report Usage
About:
Role’s Assigned Users & Transactions
reporting function module allows you to create a wide range of reports (
Reporting Instances
in Skywind SoDA™ professional language) to analyze Roles’ composition and statistics of assigned Users and Transactions. Inadequate quantity of assignments may lead to issues in Role management, Inflexibiliy and potentially Security Risks..
How to use:
To create a new Reporting instance, click the
<Create>
button and the right frame will display the report’s parameters that you have to fill. Note, that mandatory parameters have a thin red border.
You don’t have to fill up all of the mandatory parameters
, but at least one of the mandatory parameters must be filled.
Using the buttons in the right frame’s header and footer you can perform various actions:
Expand/Collapse the frame
Clear Report Parameters
Create (Save) the Reporting Instance
For information about each parameter click the
Question mark
icon on the right side of parameter’s name.
Start creating a reporting instance by filling the
Reporting Instance Name
field.
Parameter block: “General”
Source System
– monitored SAP source system.
Language for texts
– Language to be presented by fetched texts and descriptions. The descriptions
will not be filled
, if chosen language is not maintained in the SAP source system. You can choose from a wide range of languages using the dropdown:
Parameter block: “Rules”
You can run the Reporting Instance based on SoD rules and/or individual T-Codes.
SoD Rules
– SoD Rules, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all SoD Rules are taken into account).
To choose SoD Rules click the icon at the right corner of the field. The
Search Help
popover will be displayed.
Search Help
is an advanced search engine, helping Skywind SoDA™ users to find desired objects in an extremely quick and flexible manner.
Note
Search Help
is a full-scale module covered separately.
Alternatively, you can add the desired T-Codes directly, by hand or copying them from the Clipboard.
To remove all chosen SoD Rules, click the
<
Select/Deselect All>
button.
Note
Alternatively, you can add the desired values directly, by hand or copying them from the clipboard
T-Codes
– transactions, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all transactions are taken into account).
To choose T-Codes click the icon at the right corner of the field. The
Search Help
popover will be displayed.
Search Help
is an advanced search engine, helping Skywind SoDA™ users to find desired objects in an extremely quick and flexible manner.
Note
Search Help
is a full-scale module covered separately.
Alternatively, you can add the desired T-Codes directly, by hand or copying them from the Clipboard.
To deselect all chosen T-Codes, click the
<
Select/Deselect All>
button:
Parameter block: “Authorizations”
Roles
– Roles, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all Roles are taken into account).
To choose Roles click the icon at the right corner of the field. The
Search Help
popover will be displayed.
Search Help
is an advanced search engine, helping Skywind SoDA™ users to find desired objects in an extremely flexible manner.
Note
Search Help
is a full-scale module covered separately.
Alternatively, you can add the desired T-Codes directly, by hand or copying them from the Clipboard.
To deselect all chosen roles, click the
<
Select/Deselect All>
button:
#of T-codes in Role
– select operator and numeric value to restrict the report by number of T-Codes in Role. This may help you to focus on meaningfull Roles, excluding e.g. Roles with too small or too big quantity of T-Codes that may be irrelevant for analysis. Such Roles may rarely used or, in the opposite case, granted to most of users.
#of Assigned Users in Role
– select operator and numeric value to restrict the report by number of T-Codes in Role. This may help you to focus on meaningfull Roles, excluding e.g. Roles with too small or too big quantity of T-Codes that may be irrelevant for analysis. Such Roles may rarely used or, in the opposite case, granted to most of users.
Profiles
–
Profiles, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all Profiles are taken into account).
To choose Profiles click the icon at the right corner of the field. The
Search Help
popover will be displayed.
Search Help
is an advanced search engine, helping Skywind SoDA™ users to find desired objects in an extremely flexible manner.
Note
Search Help
is a full-scale module covered separately.
Alternatively, you can add the desired T-Codes directly, by hand or copying them from the Clipboard.
To deselect all chosen values, click the
<Select/Deselect All>
button:
Parameter block: “User”
Users
–
population by which the report will be restricted, while searching for violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all users are taken into account).
To choose Users click the icon at the right corner of the field. The
Search Help
popover will be displayed.
Search Help
is an advanced search engine, helping Skywind SoDA™ users to find desired objects in an extremely flexible manner.
Note
Search Help
is a full-scale module covered separately.
Alternatively, you can add the desired values directly, by hand or copying them from the Clipboard.
To deselect all chosen values, click the
<
Select/Deselect All>
button:
User’s groups
– groups by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all users are taken into account).
To choose User’s groups click the icon at the right corner of the field. To deselect all chosen User’s groups, click the
<
Select/Deselect All>
button. A
lternatively, you can add the desired values directly, by hand or copying them from the clipboard:
Using the
User’s groups
popover you can choose the groups by clicking on the checkboxes. You can also filter the list by clicking on the table header, as anywhere in the system:
User’s types
– user types, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all user types are taken into account).
To choose User’s types click the icon at the right corner of the field. To deselect all chosen User’s types, click the
<Select/Deselect All>
button. A
lternatively, you can add the desired values directly, by hand or copying them from the clipboard:
Using the
User’s types
popover you can choose individual or all types by clicking on the checkboxes. You can also filter the list by clicking on the table header, as anywhere in the system:
Valid From/Through
– Users population can be restricted by validity period. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all users are taken into account, regardless of validity).
To choose the dates click the
C
alendar
icon at the right corner of the field. Alternatively, you can add the desired dates directly, by hand or copying them from the clipboard:
Last Logon Dates
– users population can be restricted by last logon dates (range or single value). You can use the calendar selector or input the values directly.
When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all users are taken into account, regardless of last logon date). It is useful when you want to consider only those users, that actually worked in system at a specific time range:
User lock status
– there are 4 lock statuses. You can choose to restrict your analysis by any of them. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all lock statuses are taken into account).
To use this filter – select statuses from the dropdown list:
Include not valid users
parameter is binary. You can choose to include/exclude users according to their validity status:
Include users with SAP_ALL
parameter is binary. You can choose to
include/exclude users with SAP_ALL
privilege:
Parameter block: “Critical Objects”
Filter by Critical Groups
– critical groups, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. When not filled, the parameter is ignored (all values are taken into account).
To choose Critical Groups click the icon at the right corner of the field. To deselect all chosen values, click the
<Select/Deselect All>
button. A
lternatively, you can add the desired values directly, by hand or copying them from the clipboard:
Filter by Critical T-Codes
– Critical T-Codes, by which the report will be restricted, while searching for the violations. Each of 3 options performs its type of check:
Only Critical T-Codes
– select data with Critical T-Codes only.
No Filters
– no filters for Critical T-Codes are applied.