URL: https://help.skywind.com/recipients/
Title: Skywind Knowledge Portal
================================================================================

Home
4C™
Wizard
Wizard – Recipients
Share
Copy URL
Search
Table of Contents
SkyAps™
FAQ
Go-To-Market Strategy
SkyAPS™ Architecture
Example post for SkyAps2
Example post for SkyAps
Authorization and Security
Example post for SkyAps
SkyAPS™ and SAP® Ecosystem
Example post for SkyAps
Installation and Implementation
Example post for SkyAps
Usage of SkyAPS™ 4C™ Alerts
Example post for SkyAps
Administration
Administration – Overview
Administration - Overview
Administration - Users Management - User Details
Administration – 4C™
4C™ - Recipients
4C™ – Recipient Lists
Administration – SoDA™
SoDA™ – Recipients
SoDA™ - Data Masking
JAM™
Performance (Augmented Analytcis)
Performance - Overview
Performance – Top KPIs
Delayed Jobs
Similar Jobs///Under Construction
Top 20 Most Long Running Jobs
Suspicious Jobs
Elongated Jobs
Failed Jobs
Users KPIs
Users with ending validity/// Under construction
Updated Jobs (By User)
Informative KPIs
Deleted Jobs///Under construction
Event Driven Jobs
# of Jobs vs Job's duration
Jobs with program's variants that have expired///Under construction
Updated Jobs
Finished Job
SoDA™
SoDA™ – Overview
SoDA™ Overview
Analytics
Analytics - Overview
Analytics – Users
Analytics - Top Users with Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Top Users with Potential SOD Violations
Analytics - Users By Role
Analytics - Users By Profile
Analytics - Invalid Users
Analytics - Valid Users
Analytics - Logged on Users
Analytics – SOD
Analytics - Top Most Violated SOD Rules
Analytics - Number of Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Number of Potential SOD Violations
Analytics – Roles
Top Cross Reference Role Violations
Top Internal Role Violations
Analytics – Transactions
Top Most Visited Transactions
Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Actual Violations)
Analytics - Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Potential Violations)
Reports
Reports - General
Reports - Managing Reports
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Potential SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Internal Violations
Internal Violations - Report Usage
Internal Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Internal Violations - Report Output
Cross Reference Violations
Cross Reference Violations - Report Usage
Cross Reference Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Cross Reference Violations - Report Output
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Usage
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Output
Excessive Authorizations
Excessive Authorizations - Report Usage
Excessive Authorizations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Excessive Authorizations - Report Output
Transaction Usage
Transaction Usage - Report Usage
Transaction Usage - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Transaction Usage - Report Output
User's Assigned Transactions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Usage
User's Assigned Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Output
User's Assigned Roles & Profiles
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Usage
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Output
Where Used
Where Used
Simulations
Simulations - General
Internal Violations
Simulations - Internal Violations - Output
Simulations - Internal Violations - Parameters
Cross Reference Violations
Simulations - Cross Reference Violations - Output
Simulations -  Cross Reference Violations - Parameters
T-Codes (Deep Impact)
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Output
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Parameters
User Simulations
Simulations - User Simulations - Output
Simulations - User Roles - Parameters
SoD Rules
SoD Rules - General
SoD Rules - Managing SoD Rules
SoD Rules - Operating SoD Rules
T-Groups
T-Groups - List of Business Domains
T-Groups - Operating T-Groups
T-Groups - Managing T-Groups
Business Content
Business Content - General
Business Content - Business Domains
Business Content - T-Groups
Business Content - SoD Rules
Business Content - List of SoD Rules
Business Content - List of T-Groups
Critical Objects
Critical Roles
Critical T-Codes
Critical Objects - General
Support
SoDA™ - Support
Auxiliary Functions
Search Help
4C™
Event Driven Jobs
4C™ – Overview
4C™ - Overview
4C™ - Key Benefits
4C™ - Deployment
4C™ - Glossary
Analytics
4C™ - Analytics
Cockpit
4C™ - Cockpit - Overview
4C™ - Alert management
Catalog
4C™ - Catalog
Wizard
Wizard - Basic Settings
Wizard - Format
Wizard - Parameters
Wizard - Recipients
Wizard - Authorizations
Wizard - Scheduling
Date and Time Parameters
Alert Generator
AG - Overview
AG - 1. Basic Settings
AG - 2. Selected Fields
AG - 3. Currency Conversion
AG - 4. External Parameters
AG - 5. Key for Delta
AG - 6. Documentation
AG - Validation and Generation
AG - Glossary
Feed
4C™ – Feed
Support
4C™ - Support
Need more support?
If you did not found an answer,
						contact us for further help.
SUBMIT A TICKET
Wizard – Recipients
Alert notifications can be sent to recipients via Email and Text messages (SMS). In addition to a regular subscription method, when certain recipients are assigned to receive alert notifications, Skywind 4C™ provides advanced mechanisms for sending alert notifications to recipients, using various conditions based on the alert output content and users’ roles in an organization.
The
Recipients
section of
Alert Wizard
contains the following methods for a smart distribution of notifications:
Email/SMS Recipients
(regular subscription)
Recipient Lists
(recipients are organized to into lists, according to some criteria)
Dynamic Recipient Lists
(abbreviation of DRL)
Content-Dependent Distribution
filters (abbreviation of CDD)
Notification Format
Email / SMS Recipients
In this block you can assign recipients to receive
Email
an
SMS
notifications, add new recipients and manage existing ones.
To create a new recipient click on the
<+Add recipient>
button. Enter recipient’s info in the popover and press
<Create>
.
Check the
Global Exclude Notifications
checkbox to exclude the Recipient from any notification, provided via
Dynamic Recipient Lists
(
DRL
– covered in detail below).
Note
To avoid sending sensitive data to potentially unwanted addresses, Skywind maintains the “white list” of email domains and addresses using SCOT transaction. Addresses outside of the list are considered illegal and will not receive notifications. By default the company’s domain is included, but e.g. gmail.com is not included in the list. If you want to add domains and addresses to the “white list”, please contact Skywind.
To send notification to users by
Email
and/or
SMS
assign them by checking the checkboxes in the respective rows. By clicking on
“# Of Selected”
buttons at the columns’ header you can filter only those Recipients, who have Email or Phone checked as selected:
If a user was chosen to receive
Email notifications
, you can apply a
CDD Filter
(covered in detail below). Choose a filter from a dropdown in the
CDD Filter
column or leave it empty to let the user receive all notification data:
Email recipients
can be excluded from
Dynamic recipient lists
(
DRL
– covered in detail below) by checking the checkboxes in
Exclude from DRL
column:
To view or change
Recipient
details click on a button in the respective column:
The table data can be sorted and filtered by clicking on the column headers, as anywhere else in the system:
Recipient Lists
In addition to sending notifications to individual recipient, Skywind 4C™ enables you to organize the recipients in list/s to notify all of them at once. It may be useful e.g. if the users work in the same department and should be notified about the same events.
To create a new
Recipient list
click on the
<+Add recipient list>
button:
Enter the code and name of the
Recipient list
, select the users by checking the checkboxes and click
<Create>
button to add a new recipient list:
Similar to an individual subscription, Recipient List is allowed to select
Email
and/or
SMS
notifications and filter notifications by a
CDD Filter
, assigning it from the dropdown in the respective column:
To view or change a
Recipient
list
details click on a button in the respective column:
The table data can be sorted and filtered by clicking on the column headers, as anywhere else in the system:
Dynamic recipient list (DRL)
This functionality allows you to send notifications to any user in SAP systems, even if they are not explicitly defined at the Skywind 4C™ side as recipients. The DRL functionality identifies SAP user ID’s according to chosen fields’ values. Then, depending on the chosen DRL type, the users’ Email addresses are obtained from HR module, SU01 transaction or Roles. Rows from Alert output are then sent to the users’ emails or their supervisors.
This functionality helps you avoid adding and managing hundreds of SAP users in Skywind 4C™, yet provides you with capability to deliver tailored notifications or any of them. E.g. if you have a Sales or Basis Team of 10 people, you will not add them all as Skywind 4C™ recipients explicitly, yet each of them will receive the part of the Alert output, that is relevant for him/her while the team leader will get the whole output data.
The following DRL types are available:
Dynamic distribution via Authorization Role
Dynamic distribution via Personnel Number (pernr)
Dynamic distribution via Employee’s Manager (pernr)
Dynamic distribution via SAP User
Dynamic distribution via SAP User’s Manager
NB: if a user user relevant for receiving DRL notifications is chosen as a regular recipient in the
Recipients
section (described above), he/she will receive all the data, including those rows where other users are displayed. That means, that if you don’t want a user to receive unwanted data, do not select him/her as a regular recipient.
DRL Type 1 – Dynamic distribution via Authorization Role.
Every user that is assigned to a specified
Role
(entered in
Field
) will receive notifications. You can also use a list of Roles by adding multiple parameter rows. It is enough that the User is assigned to one of them to get notifications. The Roles assigned to users can be explored in the transaction SU01 (Tab “Roles”).  To get Users assigned to specific Role, use transaction PFCG.
To activate the DRL type check its checkbox. Choose a parameter from the dropdown list:
If you chose
Authorization Role for DRL
parameter, enter the Role name manually in the field:
If you chose
Dynamic Recipient User Field
parameter, select a field from available Alert output fields from the dropdown list:
Use these buttons to
Add
and
Delete
parameters:
DRL Types 2 – 5.
These DRL types work similarly to one another. You choose a field from the Alert output, that contains User IDs. Then the notification will be sent either to User based on its HR record in PERNR field (DRL type 2), User’s Manager based on its HR record in PERNR field (DRL type 3), User based on its SU01 record (DRL type 4), User ‘s Manager based on its SU01 record (DRL type 5):
Select fields from the dropdown lists for each DRL type, add and delete parameters using the respective buttons as described above for DRL type 1:
Content-dependent distribution filter (CDD)
Content-dependent distribution (CDD)
functionality is a powerful feature that helps you to extract and send not everything but only SPECIFIC EVENTS (rows) collected by an Alert notification to different recipients, upon specific combination of values, when those will appear in Alert’s output. You can create multiple CDD filters, establishing multiple combinations of values, then assigning these filters to recipients, thus providing an ultimate flexibility for alert data distribution.
How to use CDD filters – Example:
Assumption #1:
Let’s assume that there is a Purchase Requisition alert that catches Purchase Requisitions, having different statuses of release.
Assumption #2:
Let’s assume that the alert had caught 100 events (single event is always represented by a single row in an alert notification).
Assumption #3:
Let’s assume also, that there are 40 events with PR’s, having VS release status, 40 events with PR’s, having CO release status and 20 events with PR’s, having OP release status.
Assumption #4:
Let’s assume that there are 3 managers, who must approve each status respectively upon PR release.
Resolution:
With CDD functionality applied, there is no need to create 3 different alerts, each one catches one out of 3 statuses. You will create a single Alert Instance, while applying 3 CDD filters for 3 statuses. Each manager will receive ONLY events, having PR release status, which the manager is responsible to approve.
Conclusion:
CDD
Filter
functionality allows you to manage very complex filters, applying them to Recipients and Recipient Lists. Using CDD Filters you will save time by creating a single alert, which will catch different cases, sending parts of collected events to various recipients.
To create a new
CDD filter
click on the
<+Add filter>
button:
In the popover enter the filter’s name and click the
<+Add>
button to add a condition to the filter:
Each combination of CDD Filter parameters catches unique event types. Combinations of parameters can be stored in layers, allowing a single Alert Instance to fetch different event types and send only them (e.g., not the whole content of a notification) to the assigned recipients. Parameters inside each layer are treated with logical
AND
, while different layers are treated with logical
OR:
Set the layer number, choose
I
nclude
/
Exclude
type then choose a field from the dropdown list:
Choose a
Condition
operator from the dropdown list and assign
From
and
To
values (for a single value condition – only
From
field should be filled). Longest length of entered value should not exceed 45 symbols. The value can be case-sensitive or not – depending on the field chosen. We recommend to input a precise value, e.g. “aBc” but not “abc” or “ABC”:
To delete a parameter use the
<Delete button>
at the right side:
Notification Format
You can set Notification Format using this section. You have a choice of delivering data in message body and attachment, file format etc.
Direction
– choose between
Right to left
(for Hebrew and Arabic) and
Left to right
(for other languages)
Notification type
– choose between sending data in message body, in attachment or both. Further settings are enabled once attachment option is selected.
File type
– you can choose from the list of available formats, such as CSV, HTML, XML etc.
Encoding
– choose a specific encoding option from the list in case if the default one doesn’t match your needs. This may be useful for some languages e.g. Japanese.
Include column headers
– check Yes/No option (not) to display the column (field) headers.
Convert to text
– check Yes/No option (not) to convert numerical data values to text format.
Email Output Template
– choose from the list of templates to display or hide header, footer etc. in output emails.