URL: https://help.skywind.com/wizard-basic-settings/
Title: Skywind Knowledge Portal
================================================================================

Home
4C™
Wizard
Wizard – Basic Settings
Share
Copy URL
Search
Table of Contents
SkyAps™
FAQ
Go-To-Market Strategy
SkyAPS™ Architecture
Example post for SkyAps2
Example post for SkyAps
Authorization and Security
Example post for SkyAps
SkyAPS™ and SAP® Ecosystem
Example post for SkyAps
Installation and Implementation
Example post for SkyAps
Usage of SkyAPS™ 4C™ Alerts
Example post for SkyAps
Administration
Administration – Overview
Administration - Overview
Administration - Users Management - User Details
Administration – 4C™
4C™ - Recipients
4C™ – Recipient Lists
Administration – SoDA™
SoDA™ – Recipients
SoDA™ - Data Masking
JAM™
Performance (Augmented Analytcis)
Performance - Overview
Performance – Top KPIs
Delayed Jobs
Similar Jobs///Under Construction
Top 20 Most Long Running Jobs
Suspicious Jobs
Elongated Jobs
Failed Jobs
Users KPIs
Users with ending validity/// Under construction
Updated Jobs (By User)
Informative KPIs
Deleted Jobs///Under construction
Event Driven Jobs
# of Jobs vs Job's duration
Jobs with program's variants that have expired///Under construction
Updated Jobs
Finished Job
SoDA™
SoDA™ – Overview
SoDA™ Overview
Analytics
Analytics - Overview
Analytics – Users
Analytics - Top Users with Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Top Users with Potential SOD Violations
Analytics - Users By Role
Analytics - Users By Profile
Analytics - Invalid Users
Analytics - Valid Users
Analytics - Logged on Users
Analytics – SOD
Analytics - Top Most Violated SOD Rules
Analytics - Number of Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Number of Potential SOD Violations
Analytics – Roles
Top Cross Reference Role Violations
Top Internal Role Violations
Analytics – Transactions
Top Most Visited Transactions
Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Actual Violations)
Analytics - Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Potential Violations)
Reports
Reports - General
Reports - Managing Reports
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Potential SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Internal Violations
Internal Violations - Report Usage
Internal Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Internal Violations - Report Output
Cross Reference Violations
Cross Reference Violations - Report Usage
Cross Reference Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Cross Reference Violations - Report Output
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Usage
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Output
Excessive Authorizations
Excessive Authorizations - Report Usage
Excessive Authorizations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Excessive Authorizations - Report Output
Transaction Usage
Transaction Usage - Report Usage
Transaction Usage - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Transaction Usage - Report Output
User's Assigned Transactions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Usage
User's Assigned Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Output
User's Assigned Roles & Profiles
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Usage
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Output
Where Used
Where Used
Simulations
Simulations - General
Internal Violations
Simulations - Internal Violations - Output
Simulations - Internal Violations - Parameters
Cross Reference Violations
Simulations - Cross Reference Violations - Output
Simulations -  Cross Reference Violations - Parameters
T-Codes (Deep Impact)
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Output
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Parameters
User Simulations
Simulations - User Simulations - Output
Simulations - User Roles - Parameters
SoD Rules
SoD Rules - General
SoD Rules - Managing SoD Rules
SoD Rules - Operating SoD Rules
T-Groups
T-Groups - List of Business Domains
T-Groups - Operating T-Groups
T-Groups - Managing T-Groups
Business Content
Business Content - General
Business Content - Business Domains
Business Content - T-Groups
Business Content - SoD Rules
Business Content - List of SoD Rules
Business Content - List of T-Groups
Critical Objects
Critical Roles
Critical T-Codes
Critical Objects - General
Support
SoDA™ - Support
Auxiliary Functions
Search Help
4C™
Event Driven Jobs
4C™ – Overview
4C™ - Overview
4C™ - Key Benefits
4C™ - Deployment
4C™ - Glossary
Analytics
4C™ - Analytics
Cockpit
4C™ - Cockpit - Overview
4C™ - Alert management
Catalog
4C™ - Catalog
Wizard
Wizard - Basic Settings
Wizard - Format
Wizard - Parameters
Wizard - Recipients
Wizard - Authorizations
Wizard - Scheduling
Date and Time Parameters
Alert Generator
AG - Overview
AG - 1. Basic Settings
AG - 2. Selected Fields
AG - 3. Currency Conversion
AG - 4. External Parameters
AG - 5. Key for Delta
AG - 6. Documentation
AG - Validation and Generation
AG - Glossary
Feed
4C™ – Feed
Support
4C™ - Support
Need more support?
If you did not found an answer,
						contact us for further help.
SUBMIT A TICKET
Wizard – Basic Settings
Alert Wizard
is a module of Skywind 4C™ designed for creation and customization of Alerts. Alert Wizard consists of 6 steps:
Basic Settings
(add alert’s name, assign source system, running mode etc.)
Format
(choose the fields for alert’s output)
Parameters
(choose alert’s parameters, assign parameter values)
Recipients
(define the population of alert’s recipients, choose how to distribute notifications)
Authorizations
(who is allowed to access/edit the alert)
Scheduling
(define the frequency of alert’s run and choose what to do with alert’s history)
To move along the Wizard, you can click on the relevant step in the upper part of the
Wizard
screen:
For each parameter you can access the information about it by clicking on the
<Question mark>
button near it. The info will be displayed in the popover:
Exception Indicator
is a Function Module which resides in Skywind Analytical Platform in AWS. All Alert Instances are based on Exception Indicators. One Exception Indicator can serve as a foundation for multiple Alerts. The Alerts would differ by having different sets of parameters and parameter values
.
Each Exception Indicator has it’s own unique set of parameters for configuration of single or multiple Alert Instances. For more details about Alert Instances concept please refer to
4C™ – Glossary
.
When creating an Alert from scratch, you first have to choose an Exception Indicator to found your Alert. A popover with available Exception Indicators is displayed automatically. If you want to change it later, click on the icon on the right of the field to open the popver once again.
The table data can be sorted and filtered by clicking on the column headers, as anywhere in the system. Choose an Exception Indicator and click the
<Select>
button at the popover footer.
Alert Description / Email Header
serves as a short meaningful description of the
Alert Instance
and its
Email Header.
If alert notification is distributed via Email, the text from this field will be displayed in the Email’s subject:
Alert Output Header
is the header, that is displayed in an Email’s body above the output table:
Data saving destination
is the result of Skywind 4C™ new architecture. It is about the place to keep data, collected by alerts and reports.
Cloud
– when chosen, this mode saves and keeps all collected alerting data on Skywind Cloud Platform.
Client
– when chosen, the collected data will be kept in the client’s SAP system/s. When opted, it enhances security by not leaving any data on Skywind Cloud Platform.
Default
. Skywind 4C™ allows to define Data saving destinations on 2 levels:
Client
level. This level defines a default mode for all new Alert Instances. The mode can be overwritten in alert level (e.g. when a new alert is being customized). This mode is available in the
Administration
application.
Alert Instance
level. During alert’s creation, the “Default” option is set, meaning the alert
inherits
the Client level mode. This can be overwritten – the mode change will affect only current Alert Instance.
In both cases (
Cloud
/
Client
), the data is kept in SAP Cluster table in encrypted, binary format.
Source System
is an SAP system, connected to the Skywind Analytical Platform. It represents an RFC connection to the specific SAP Instance. A single
Alert Instance
is able to scan only one
Source System
at a time. You can reassign a
Source System
for each
Alert Instance
at any time or duplicate the desirable
Alert Instance
and assign it to a different
Source System
:
Alert Instances
have to be assigned to
Categories
and
Sub-Categories
. Skywind 4C™ comes with a set of pre-defined
Categories
and
Sub-Categories
. Assign your
Alert Instance
to an appropriate
Category
from the list:
Status
of Alert Instance can be
Active
or
Inactive
.
Active
status means that the Alert scans the
Source System
according to its scheduled frequency (e.g. every 5 minutes or once in an hour etc.).
Inactive
status means that the Alert performs no scans:
You can define / change
Severity
for each
Alert Instance
.
Severity
has a purely informative purpose, helping you to distinguish between more or less critical Alerts:
Alert running mode.
Alert Instances
run in either
Delta
or
Full
mode.
The difference between the “
Full
” and the “
Delta
” modes is that Delta mode brings
only the new data
, meaning if the new event/s are occurred
since the last Alert’s scan
, only these events will be sent to recipient/s. The purpose of the Delta mode is not to send the previously sent data to a recipient again (e.g., inform me only once). The Full mode will send the old and the new data together (e.g., cumulative) in each notification. The necessity behind this could be if the recipient wants to be notified with the same data, until the problem is solved or when the Alert has less operative but more reporting nature:
Absence/Presence.
Each
Alert Instance
can track, catch and notify about one of 2 opposite situations:
On Event Presence –
when an expected (monitored) event has actually occurred.
On Event Absence –
when an expected (monitored) event did not occur.
Ability to track and notify on both event
Presence
and
Absence
is a very powerful platform’s feature, allowing to monitor all possible cases when something good or bad has happened or when nothing has happened at all. However, to monitor both situations, 2 Alerts have to be created – one for each case:
SMS Message.
In case, you intend to send alert notifications as text messages, fill this field with appropriate text. Note, that SMS messages will not include any notification data. You will receive Alert notification into your mobile phone with the message, placed in this placeholder:
Documentation
section consists of several blocks. Choose appropriate blocks and type information about the Alert’s Purpose, Business impact etc.
Documentation
text will be then available to read in Alerting Cockpit and other places:
To clear all settings without saving and start over again with creating an Alert Instance click on the
<Create new Alert Instance>
button:
To clear all settings without saving and choose another Alert Instance for editing click on the
<Choose Another Alert Instance>
button:
Once you click on the button, the list of available Alert Instances will be displayed and you can then select the desired Alert Instance: