URL: https://help.skywind.com/wizard-scheduling/
Title: Skywind Knowledge Portal
================================================================================

Home
4C™
Wizard
Wizard – Scheduling
Share
Copy URL
Search
Table of Contents
SkyAps™
FAQ
Go-To-Market Strategy
SkyAPS™ Architecture
Example post for SkyAps2
Example post for SkyAps
Authorization and Security
Example post for SkyAps
SkyAPS™ and SAP® Ecosystem
Example post for SkyAps
Installation and Implementation
Example post for SkyAps
Usage of SkyAPS™ 4C™ Alerts
Example post for SkyAps
Administration
Administration – Overview
Administration - Overview
Administration - Users Management - User Details
Administration – 4C™
4C™ - Recipients
4C™ – Recipient Lists
Administration – SoDA™
SoDA™ – Recipients
SoDA™ - Data Masking
JAM™
Performance (Augmented Analytcis)
Performance - Overview
Performance – Top KPIs
Delayed Jobs
Similar Jobs///Under Construction
Top 20 Most Long Running Jobs
Suspicious Jobs
Elongated Jobs
Failed Jobs
Users KPIs
Users with ending validity/// Under construction
Updated Jobs (By User)
Informative KPIs
Deleted Jobs///Under construction
Event Driven Jobs
# of Jobs vs Job's duration
Jobs with program's variants that have expired///Under construction
Updated Jobs
Finished Job
SoDA™
SoDA™ – Overview
SoDA™ Overview
Analytics
Analytics - Overview
Analytics – Users
Analytics - Top Users with Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Top Users with Potential SOD Violations
Analytics - Users By Role
Analytics - Users By Profile
Analytics - Invalid Users
Analytics - Valid Users
Analytics - Logged on Users
Analytics – SOD
Analytics - Top Most Violated SOD Rules
Analytics - Number of Actual SOD Violations
Analytics - Number of Potential SOD Violations
Analytics – Roles
Top Cross Reference Role Violations
Top Internal Role Violations
Analytics – Transactions
Top Most Visited Transactions
Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Actual Violations)
Analytics - Top Most Violated Transactions Combinations (Potential Violations)
Reports
Reports - General
Reports - Managing Reports
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Potential SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules)
Actual SoD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Video
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by SoD Rules) - Report Output
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Potential SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups)
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Usage
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Actual SOD Violations (by T-Groups) - Report Output
Internal Violations
Internal Violations - Report Usage
Internal Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Internal Violations - Report Output
Cross Reference Violations
Cross Reference Violations - Report Usage
Cross Reference Violations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Cross Reference Violations - Report Output
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Usage
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Role's Assigned Users & Transactions - Report Output
Excessive Authorizations
Excessive Authorizations - Report Usage
Excessive Authorizations - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Excessive Authorizations - Report Output
Transaction Usage
Transaction Usage - Report Usage
Transaction Usage - Managing Reporting Instance versions
Transaction Usage - Report Output
User's Assigned Transactions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Usage
User's Assigned Transactions - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Transactions - Report Output
User's Assigned Roles & Profiles
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Usage
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Managing Reporting Instance versions
User's Assigned Roles and Profiles - Report Output
Where Used
Where Used
Simulations
Simulations - General
Internal Violations
Simulations - Internal Violations - Output
Simulations - Internal Violations - Parameters
Cross Reference Violations
Simulations - Cross Reference Violations - Output
Simulations -  Cross Reference Violations - Parameters
T-Codes (Deep Impact)
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Output
Simulations - T-Codes (Deep Impact) - Parameters
User Simulations
Simulations - User Simulations - Output
Simulations - User Roles - Parameters
SoD Rules
SoD Rules - General
SoD Rules - Managing SoD Rules
SoD Rules - Operating SoD Rules
T-Groups
T-Groups - List of Business Domains
T-Groups - Operating T-Groups
T-Groups - Managing T-Groups
Business Content
Business Content - General
Business Content - Business Domains
Business Content - T-Groups
Business Content - SoD Rules
Business Content - List of SoD Rules
Business Content - List of T-Groups
Critical Objects
Critical Roles
Critical T-Codes
Critical Objects - General
Support
SoDA™ - Support
Auxiliary Functions
Search Help
4C™
Event Driven Jobs
4C™ – Overview
4C™ - Overview
4C™ - Key Benefits
4C™ - Deployment
4C™ - Glossary
Analytics
4C™ - Analytics
Cockpit
4C™ - Cockpit - Overview
4C™ - Alert management
Catalog
4C™ - Catalog
Wizard
Wizard - Basic Settings
Wizard - Format
Wizard - Parameters
Wizard - Recipients
Wizard - Authorizations
Wizard - Scheduling
Date and Time Parameters
Alert Generator
AG - Overview
AG - 1. Basic Settings
AG - 2. Selected Fields
AG - 3. Currency Conversion
AG - 4. External Parameters
AG - 5. Key for Delta
AG - 6. Documentation
AG - Validation and Generation
AG - Glossary
Feed
4C™ – Feed
Support
4C™ - Support
Need more support?
If you did not found an answer,
						contact us for further help.
SUBMIT A TICKET
Wizard – Scheduling
Using the
Scheduling
section you can configure Alert run parameters, such as frequency, execution timeframe and history data.
Execution frequency
– setting a constant time frame for the Alert Instance to run (e.g. scan every 5 minutes). Enter a value and choose a time interval from the dropdown list:
Execution time-frame
– you can restrict the scanning to certain time interval (e.g. from 07:00 to 18:00). If you wish to restrict scanning in a more flexible manner please use the
Exception Scheduling
mechanism. Exception Scheduling allows you to order Alert to run (example) only on the first day of month, not to run on National Holidays, not to run on weekends and much more:
Next run
– this parameter sets date and time when the background scheduling job dispatcher checks if an Alert Instance should run according to Regular and Exception Scheduling settings. Pay attention that this parameter sets the dispatcher check but not actual Alert run.
In most cases it happens at the same time, but in specific cases, e.g. with Exception Scheduling based on workdays (factory calendar) your next run may be scheduled on 9AM on Sunday, but since the Sunday run was inactive by factory calendar settings, the Next Run check is postponed till Monday 00:00 and thus the Alert will run at 00:00 and then at 09:00 on Monday. To prevent the run at 00:00 you should define the Execution time fram e.g.  from 08:30 till 09:30:
History
– check the checkbox and enter the number of days for alert’s history to be saved. If not checked, history will not be saved for the Alert:
Exception Scheduling
is used to prevent or force an Alert Instance from running during specific periods of time (e.g., weekends, National Holidays and much more). Relation between the regular and Exception Scheduling is defined but logical AND condition. The Dispatcher mechanism first checks the regular Scheduling conditions and if they are TRUE, then Exception scheduling is applied.
Example 1:
if  regular Scheduling is set to run daily, but Exception scheduling limits it only to specific Weekdays, it will run only during this specific weekdays.
Example 2:
if regular scheduling is set to run daily between 08:00 – 17:00, but Exceptional scheduling is defined to run between 01:00 – 03:00 th alert will not run at all.
Layers in Exception Scheduling behave similarly to layers in the
Parameters
section.
Click
<+ Add exception>
button to add an exception scheduling condition/s:
Restriction combinations can be stored in multiple layers, thus allowing a single Alert Instance to be scheduled in extremely flexible manner. Parameters inside each layer are treated with logical
AND
, while different layers are treated with logical
OR:
To customize an exception, enter a
Layer
number, select
Type, Unit
and
Condition
from respective dropdown lists:
Below is the list of time
Units
with their descriptions:
Unit
Description
Week day (1 – 7)
Use this unit to configure alerts for specific day(s) of the week. Keep in mind that the first day of the week may vary depending on the country (e.g., Sunday in some countries versus Monday in others). For Exceptional Scheduling, the first day of the week is determined based on the standard APIs:
DATE_GET_WEEK
WEEK_GET_FIRST_DAY
Month day (1 – 31)
Use this unit to schedule alerts for specific day(s) of the month.
Hour
Use this unit to run alerts during specific hour (24H format).
E.g. if you scheduled an Alert to run hourly in Regular scheduling, you can use this unit to avoid running it between 13:00 and 13:59 by setting it to Exclude Hour EQ 13.
Minute
Use this unit to run alerts on specific minute of every hour withing an interval defined in regular or exception scheduling.
E.g. you can set regular Scheduling to run hourly and set Minute = 25 in exceptional scheduling to run every hour at HH:25 minutes.
Time (HHMM)
Use this unit to specify time interval(s) defined within Regular Scheduling.
E.g.: regular scheduling restricts a single execution window (08:30 – 11:00). If you need to define 2 smaller time slots at HH:MM resolution you do it by using this unit (2 rows) with the following From/To values:
08:30 – 08:45
10:15 – 10:30
Working day (factory calendar)
This unit is used to schedule alerts on working days, as defined by a factory calendar. Only the “From” parameter must be populated with the Factory Calendar ID configured in your SAP system (via the SCAL transaction).
Typically, only one factory calendar is used. However, if you want an alert to follow multiple factory calendars, you can set up separate layers for each calendar. For example, if layer 1 uses the factory calendar
IL
and layer 2 uses the factory calendar
RU
, the alert will run six days a week, excluding Saturdays.
Holiday (factory calendar)
This unit is used to schedule alerts on non-working days, as defined by a factory calendar. Only the “From” parameter must be populated with the Factory Calendar ID configured in your SAP system (via the SCAL transaction).
Generally, only one factory calendar is used. However, if you want an alert to follow multiple factory calendars, you can configure separate layers for each calendar. For example, if layer 1 uses the factory calendar
IL
(holidays on Friday and Saturday) and layer 2 uses the factory calendar
RU
(holidays on Saturday and Sunday), the alert will run from Friday to Sunday.
First month day
Use this unit to schedule alerts for the First day of a month.
Last month day
Use this unit to schedule alerts for the Last day of a month.
This single unit eliminates the need to combine parameters to accommodate months with 28, 29, 30, or 31 days.
Month (1 – 12)
Use this unit to schedule alerts during specific month(s).
Quarter (1 – 4)
Use this unit to schedule alerts during specific quarter(s).
Year (XXXX)
Use this unit to schedule tasks in advance for the upcoming year, cancel tasks for the next year, or define a specific range of years for execution.
Date (YYYYMMDD)
Use this unit to define specific date or date ranges that should be scheduled differently than wider scope.
E.g. and alert is defined to run daily in Regular scheduling, but not on 01.01.2026 in Exception Scheduling.
Month Working Day (1 – 31)
Use this unit ONLY together with Working Day (Factory calendar) unit. Define Factory calendar AND Month Working Day number. E.g. Factory calendar = US and Month working day = 1. If you apply this unit, an alert will run on the 1st actual working day of a month according to the Factory calendar.
E.g. if the 01.MM.YYYY is a holiday, the alert will run on 02.MM.YYYY as it is actually the first working day of the month
Month Holiday Day (1 – 31)
Use this unit ONLY together with Holiday (Factory calendar) unit. Define Factory calendar AND Month Holiday Day number. E.g. Factory calendar = US and Month holiday day = 1. If you apply this unit, an alert will run on the 1st actual holiday day of a month according to the Factory calendar.
E.g. if the 01.MM.YYYY is a working day, the alert will run on 02.MM.YYYY as it is actually the first holiday day of the month
Week Working Day (1 – 7)
Use this unit ONLY together with Working Day (Factory calendar) unit. Define the Factory calendar AND Week Working day number. E.g. Factory calendar = US and Week working day = 1. If you apply this unit, an alert will run on the 1st actual working day of the week according to the Factory calendar.
E.g. if Monday is a holiday, the alert will run onTuesday as it is actually the first working day of the week.
Week Holiday Day (1 – 7)
Use this unit ONLY together with Holiday (Factory calendar) unit. Define the Factory calendar AND Week Working day number. E.g. Factory calendar = US and Week holiday day = 1. If you apply this unit, an alert will run on the 1st actual holiday day of the week according to the Factory calendar.
E.g. if Monday is a holiday, the alert will run on Monday and not on Saturday.
Assign
From
and
To
values (for a single value, only
From
condition should be filled):
To delete a parameter you can either check the checkboxes and use the
<Delete selected exceptions>
or use the
<Delete button>
at the right side:
As anywhere across the system you can sort and filter the list of restrictions using the table header:
After finishing alert’s customization, you can
Save
the Alert and
Preview
Alert Instance
execution results.
<
Preview>
button is enabled once the Alert is saved. By clicking on it you will trigger
Alert Instance
to run and get results displayed in a popup window: