

 


Skywind
Empowering for SAP Excellence
Control, Optimize, Protect, Empower



About Skywind
Skywind is the leading provider of software for business control, fraud and cyber detection, SoD compliance, authorizations inspection and technical monitoring solutions for SAP. Having a holistic approach to the most important aspects of ERP control, Skywind has developed Skywind Analytical Platform for SAP or SkyAPS to help customers keep business running, eliminate fraud, improve process efficiency and enable complete transparency.
The platform is agnostic to an SAP versions and database types and can be applied to On Premise and On Cloud SAP installations such as S/4HANA, ECC, CRM, SRM and BW.

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com







What is COPE – Control Over Processes and Events?

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com




Hundreds of processes run daily in your SAP systems, with thousands of events taking place. Each event should be seen as a potential problem. By ceasing to function properly, the event will disrupt the continuity of the whole process. When an event becomes “bad”, the responsible personnel
in organization should be timely informed
about it.

 

Explanatory Teasers

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com


	





info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com

Why does Control Over Processes and Events (COPE) matter?
Control Types


Areas of Application	Target Audiences


info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com





How Skywind helps to COPE
with SAP operations complexities?

Our software continuously checks the validity of the processes by catching “bad” or “about to become bad” events.
Smart, automated data distribution mechanisms seamlessly and securely distribute critical info to the right audiences.



Skywind Selected Customers

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com


    

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com

Solutions and Content


Business Disruptions and Bottlenecks
Identify, prevent, eliminate or compensate problems
and inefficiencies to ensure smooth business operations

Cybersecurity
Strengthen your defenses against internal SAP cyber threats with advanced security tracking

Fraud Detection
Proactively detect and prevent fraudulent activities within your SAP environment

Authorizations and Access Control
Manage and monitor user permissions and activities to enhance security and compliance



Segregation of Duties
Ensure clear role distinctions to prevent conflicts and unauthorized access

Technical Infrastructure Hurdles
Overcome technical SAP challenges with robust monitoring, observability, and optimization tools



Compliance
Maintain adherence to internal policies and external regulations
effortlessly

No-Code, Tailor Made Report Generation
Instant, automated, no-code, real-time SAP reporting

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com

Products and Content


Skywind 4C  Anti Fraud and Cyber Pack
for ultimate SAP protection against cyber attacks and internal fraud

Skywind 4C  Generator
for instant, no-code creation of your own controls and reports


Skywind 4C  Business Bottlenecks Pack for superior business control and transparency
Skywind 4C  Basis and Infrastructure Pack
for continuous validation of SAP technical consistency and performance
Skywind 4C  Business Warehouse (BW) Pack


Skywind SoDA  SoD and Authorizations Violations Analysis – to eliminate and prevent SoD violations and protection against internal fraud

Skywind JAM	SAP Background Jobs Analysis and Control to analyze, control and optimize all SAP Background Jobs activities

for smooth BW operation and maintenance	Security and Administration App.
Internal application for ultimate control of platform
usage

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com


Integration with SOC / SIEM Platforms	B E N E F I T S: Pushes pre-filtered SAP data instead of raw
logs, dramatically reducing SIEM processing costs while

Enable SAP insights within your Security Operation Center (SOC)

providing laser-focused security insights.

P R O T O C O L S:
Syslog Protocol
Centralized Logging: Centralize logs from various devices, systems,
and software applications into a single repository. Security Monitoring: Used in security information and event management (SIEM) systems
Web Services
Use Case: Synchronize data flows between SAP and Non-SAP systems such as CRM, eCommerce platforms, or custom databases. Benefit: Ensures consistency and accuracy of data across different systems, improving operational efficiency and reducing errors.
Files Transfers
Impact: Interruptions or errors in file transfers can lead to data loss, incomplete data records, and compliance risks, especially in data-driven decision-making environments

S U P P O R T E D P L A T F O R M S:



Most frequently asked questions

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com


Why implement COPE when we have the most advanced BI / NOK platform/s and other monitoring solutions in place?



are less BI related features


Qualitative / Quantitative / Call To Action

that continuously track and validate
the correctness of technical processes
– no-code engine to generate your own rules



that continuously validate the correctness of business


and every user in organization

- personalized info for each

processes

Automated Data Distribution Mechanisms
that seamlessly and securely distribute critical info
to the right audiences

that continuously track / identify dangerous situations and suspicious activities

Solution buyer:	SAP or IT Manager






ALL IN 30 MIN!


A Pitch


1. Know what will break before anyone else does
2. Discover what is already broken but you are not aware of it
3. Timely receive info about problematic events requiring immediate attention

Solution buyer:  SAP or IT Manager


How to measure the ROI from Event Control?


	

Save money by revealing direct losses from outdated or incorrect business activities

Save time and money to the Stakeholders by timely providing them with critical data


	

Save money by early detection and continuous control upon business bottlenecks

Save time to IT and Business by developing ad-hoc reports much faster and without coding



Save time by responding to the incidents faster

Solution buyer:  SAP or IT Manager

ROI #1 - Save money by revealing direct losses from
outdated or incorrect business activities




Solution user:	Intended for Business Users

Solution buyer:  SAP or IT Manager

ROI #2 – Save money by early detection
and further control upon business bottlenecks




Solution user:	Intended for Business Users

Solution buyer:  SAP or IT Manager

ROI #3 – Save time by responding
to the incidents faster



Solution user:	Intended for Business Users

Solution buyer:  SAP or IT Manager

ROI #4 – Save time and money to the stakeholders
by timely providing them with critical data




Solution user:	Intended for Business Users

Solution buyer:  SAP or IT Manager

ROI #5 – Save time to IT and Business by developing
new rules and subsequent alerts faster and without coding




Solution user:	Intended for Business Users



Skywind Analytical Platform for SAP
	on Premises Architecture	

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com







HTTPS

SAP UI SDK server
https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/1.52.18/


The client has access to the Internet


C L I E N T S








HTTP/S		TRUSTED RFC

G W S E R V E R

SAP web dispatcher
SAP NW 7.5
SAP_GWFND 750





E R P S E R V E R




Skywind Analytical Platform for SAP
	on Premises Architecture	

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com




Client does not have
internet access



HTTP/S	TRUSTED RFC



C L I E N T S

G W S E R V E R


SAP web dispatcher
SAP NW 7.5
SAP_GWFND 750
SAP_UI 7.52 sp2 or above

E R P S E R V E R




Skywind Analytical Platform for SAP
	on Cloud Architecture	

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com





HTTPS ENCRYPTION
Two-factor authentification

https://my.skywind.com





SkyWind Cloud Platform






SAP ROUTER




FIREWALL IP SEC

      SNC ENCRYPTION

Security System



SAP ROUTER	SAP
authentification


SAP
authorization





SAP 1



SAP 2



SAP 3





Realise Tangible Benefits

info@skywind.com | www.skywind.com


			
Save Time	Save Costs	Increase Efficiency	Complete Coverage

 Reduce manual effort through an automated business rule engine.

Prevent fraud with proactive alerts and comprehensive insights.

Optimize the way you do business by identifying process bottlenecks
or violations.

Search your entire transactions database versus only a sample achieved during an audit.



 
The Science of Data.
The Art of Business.
INFO@SKYWIND.COM
